[docs] Deep linking - adding details about the App ID (#20765)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/deep-linking.mdx

}
```

> This tells iOS that any links to `https://www.myapp.io/records/*` (with wildcard matching for the record ID) should be opened directly by the app with ID `LKWJEF.io.myapp.example` (the ID is a merge of the Team ID and the App bundle identifier). See [Apple's documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/applinks) for further details on the format of the AASA. Branch provides an [AASA validator](https://branch.io/resources/aasa-validator/) which can help you confirm that your AASA is correctly deployed and has a valid format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tells iOS that any links to `https://www.myapp.io/records/*` (with wildcard matching for the record ID) should be opened directly by the app with ID `LKWJEF.io.myapp.example`. It is a combination of the Team ID and the app bundle identifier. The Team ID can be found under the membership details in the Apple Developer account.

See [Apple's documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/applinks) for further details on the format of the AASA. Branch provides an [AASA validator](https://branch.io/resources/aasa-validator/) which can help you confirm that your AASA is correctly deployed and has a valid format.
```

Reviewer: Thanks for updating the docs @flaviolivolsi!

I've added more context on what Team ID is and where it can be found (I guess this might not be obvious).
